README.md, before:

<p align='center'><img width="300px" style="display:block; margin:0 auto;" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/alvarosaburido/image/upload/v1621848301/projects/vitesome/logotype_zq9g5i.png" alt="Vitesome - Vue3 + Vite template starter">
</p>

<p align='center'>
<sub>Logo created with <a href="https://windicss.org/">Windcss logo</a> + Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/vectors-market" title="Vectors Market">Vectors Market</a> & <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/pixel-perfect" title="Pixel perfect">Pixel perfect</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a>  </sub>
</p>

# Vitesome 🌬 ⛵️

> A simple opinionated Vue3 Starter Template with [Vite.js](https://vitejs.dev/)

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 and Typescript in Vite in a bliss.

## Features

- [Vite](https://github.com/vitejs/vite) ⚡️, [Vue 3](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-next),
- 💨 [Windi CSS](https://github.com/windicss/windicss)
- 📦 [Components auto importing](./src/components)
- [i18n](https://github.com/intlify/vue-i18n-next) out of the box 👩‍🎨
- Easy to use svg icons based on [Iconify](https://iconify.design) 🔝
- Routing with [Vue Router 4](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router-next)
- Deploy on Netlify

<p align='center'><a href="https://vitesome.alvarosaburido.dev/"> Live Demo</a><p>

## You can help me keep working on this project 💚

- [Become a Sponsor on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/alvarosaburido)
- [One-time donation via PayPal](https://paypal.me/alvarosaburido)

<h4 align="center">Generous Unicorns 🦄</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/OmgImAlexis" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" ">
    <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6525926?v=4" height="72px"  style="border-radius: 100%; overflow: hidden; border: 4px solid #5EDCAE" alt="OmgImAlexis">
  </a>
</p>

## Pre-📦

This repo brings few things pre-packed, so you don't need to install them manually everytime.

### Styling

- [Windi CSS](https://github.com/windicss/windicss) with [`vite-plugin-windicss`](https://github.com/windicss/vite-plugin-windicss)
- Default [Google Fonts](https://github.com/stafyniaksacha/vite-plugin-fonts#readme) with `vite-plugin-fonts`

### Icons

- [Iconify](https://iconify.design) - use icons from any icon sets [🔍Icônes](https://icones.netlify.app/)
  - [PurgeIcons](https://github.com/antfu/purge-icons) with [`vite-plugin-purge-icons](vite-plugin-purge-icons) Think about TailwindCSS + PurgeCSS, but for Icons.
  - Custom icons below `./assets/icons` with

### Plugins

- [VueUse](https://github.com/vueuse/vueuse) - collection of useful composition APIs
- [Vue I18n](https://github.com/intlify/vue-i18n-next) - Internationalization
- Component auto-import with [`vite-plugin-components`](https://github.com/antfu/vite-plugin-components)

### Dev tools

- [i18n Ally](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=lokalise.i18n-ally) - All in one i18n support
- [Windi CSS Intellisense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=voorjaar.windicss-intellisense) - IDE support for Windi CSS
- [Iconify IntelliSense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=antfu.iconify) - Icon inline display and autocomplete

### Project setup

```
yarn
```

### Use it

```
yarn dev
```

This will serve the app at [http://localhost:3260](http://localhost:3260)

### Build it

```
yarn build
```

Builds the app for production to the `dist` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles Vue in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](#deployment) for more information.

### Deployment

Visit [Netlify](https://app.netlify.com/start) and select your repo, select OK along the way, and your App will be live in a minute.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Vetur](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=octref.vetur). Make sure to enable `vetur.experimental.templateInterpolationService` in settings!

### If Using `<script setup>`

[`<script setup>`](https://github.com/vuejs/rfcs/pull/227) is a feature that is currently in RFC stage. To get proper IDE support for the syntax, use [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=johnsoncodehk.volar) instead of Vetur (and disable Vetur).

## Type Support For `.vue` Imports in TS

Since TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports, they are shimmed to be a generic Vue component type by default. In most cases this is fine if you don't really care about component prop types outside of templates. However, if you wish to get actual prop types in `.vue` imports (for example to get props validation when using manual `h(...)` calls), you can use the following:

### If Using Vetur

1. Install and add `@vuedx/typescript-plugin-vue` to the [plugins section](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#plugins) in `tsconfig.json`
2. Delete `src/shims-vue.d.ts` as it is no longer needed to provide module info to Typescript
3. Open `src/main.ts` in VSCode
4. Open the VSCode command palette
5. Search and run "Select TypeScript version" -> "Use workspace version"

![repository-banner.png](https://res.cloudinary.com/alvarosaburido/image/upload/v1612193118/as-portfolio/Repo_Banner_kexozw.png)

Commit message:

deps: new deps and npx degit install

README.md, after:

<p align='center'><img width="300px" style="display:block; margin:0 auto;" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/alvarosaburido/image/upload/v1621848301/projects/vitesome/logotype_zq9g5i.png" alt="Vitesome - Vue3 + Vite template starter">
</p>

<p align='center'>
<sub>Logo created with <a href="https://windicss.org/">Windcss logo</a> + Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/vectors-market" title="Vectors Market">Vectors Market</a> & <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/pixel-perfect" title="Pixel perfect">Pixel perfect</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a>  </sub>
</p>

# Vitesome 🌬 ⛵️

> A simple opinionated Vue Starter Template with [Vite.js](https://vitejs.dev/)

This template should help get you started developing with Vue and Typescript in Vite in a bliss.

## Features

- [Vite](https://github.com/vitejs/vite) ⚡️, [Vue](https://github.com/vuejs/vue),
- 💨 [Windi CSS](https://github.com/windicss/windicss)
- 📦 [Components auto importing](https://github.com/antfu/unplugin-vue-components)
- [i18n](https://github.com/intlify/vue-i18n-next) out of the box 👩‍🎨
- Easy to use svg icons based on [Iconify](https://iconify.design) 🔝
- Routing with [Vue Router 4](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router-next)
- Deploy on Netlify

<p align='center'><a href="https://vitesome.alvarosaburido.dev/"> Live Demo</a><p>

## You can help me keep working on this project 💚

- [Become a Sponsor on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/alvarosaburido)
- [One-time donation via PayPal](https://paypal.me/alvarosaburido)

<h4 align="center">Generous Unicorns 🦄</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/OmgImAlexis" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" ">
    <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6525926?v=4" height="72px"  style="border-radius: 100%; overflow: hidden; border: 4px solid #5EDCAE" alt="OmgImAlexis">
  </a>
</p>

## Pre-📦

This repo brings few things pre-packed, so you don't need to install them manually everytime.

### Styling

- [Windi CSS](https://github.com/windicss/windicss) with [`vite-plugin-windicss`](https://github.com/windicss/vite-plugin-windicss)
- Default [Google Fonts](https://github.com/stafyniaksacha/vite-plugin-fonts#readme) with `vite-plugin-fonts`

### Icons

- [Iconify](https://iconify.design) - use icons from any icon sets [🔍Icônes](https://icones.netlify.app/)
  - [PurgeIcons](https://github.com/antfu/purge-icons) with [`vite-plugin-purge-icons](vite-plugin-purge-icons) Think about TailwindCSS + PurgeCSS, but for Icons.
  - Custom icons below `./assets/icons` with

### Plugins

- [VueUse](https://github.com/vueuse/vueuse) - collection of useful composition APIs
- [Vue I18n](https://github.com/intlify/vue-i18n-next) - Internationalization
- Component auto-import with [`vite-plugin-components`](https://github.com/antfu/vite-plugin-components)

### Dev tools

- [i18n Ally](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=lokalise.i18n-ally) - All in one i18n support
- [Windi CSS Intellisense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=voorjaar.windicss-intellisense) - IDE support for Windi CSS
- [Iconify IntelliSense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=antfu.iconify) - Icon inline display and autocomplete

## Check it out

You can create a repo with this template [here](https://github.com/alvarosabu/vitesome/generate)

Or if you prefer to do it manually with the cleaner git history

```bash
npx degit alvarosabu/vitesome my-vitesome-app
cd my-vitesome-app
pnpm i # If you don't have pnpm installed, run: npm install -g pnpm
```
### Project setup

```
yarn
```

### Use it

```
yarn dev
```

This will serve the app at [http://localhost:3260](http://localhost:3260)

### Build it

```
yarn build
```

Builds the app for production to the `dist` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles Vue in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](#deployment) for more information.

### Deployment

Visit [Netlify](https://app.netlify.com/start) and select your repo, select OK along the way, and your App will be live in a minute.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Vetur](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=octref.vetur). Make sure to enable `vetur.experimental.templateInterpolationService` in settings!

### If Using `<script setup>`

[`<script setup>`](https://github.com/vuejs/rfcs/pull/227) is a feature that is currently in RFC stage. To get proper IDE support for the syntax, use [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=johnsoncodehk.volar) instead of Vetur (and disable Vetur).

## Type Support For `.vue` Imports in TS

Since TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports, they are shimmed to be a generic Vue component type by default. In most cases this is fine if you don't really care about component prop types outside of templates. However, if you wish to get actual prop types in `.vue` imports (for example to get props validation when using manual `h(...)` calls), you can use the following:

### If Using Vetur

1. Install and add `@vuedx/typescript-plugin-vue` to the [plugins section](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#plugins) in `tsconfig.json`
2. Delete `src/shims-vue.d.ts` as it is no longer needed to provide module info to Typescript
3. Open `src/main.ts` in VSCode
4. Open the VSCode command palette
5. Search and run "Select TypeScript version" -> "Use workspace version"

![repository-banner.png](https://res.cloudinary.com/alvarosaburido/image/upload/v1612193118/as-portfolio/Repo_Banner_kexozw.png)
